NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
I am pulling my family
far away from you, Samcro
and all the shit
that comes with it.
What is this? Why is Wendy
listed on there as a guardian?
Just getting things
in order.
I gave Luann this crucifix.
I just wanna wear it
for a few minutes.
No!
ELI:
I have a warrant.
Conspiracy to commit murder.
LEE:
Lee Toric. U.S. Marshal.
Retired.
The nurse that was murdered,
she was my sister.
TARA:
This was you.
LEE:
I have no desire to help you.
I wanna use you.
You need to give up
your husband.
I'm not guilty
and I'm not a rat.
Wanna earn your way back in?
What does that mean?
JAX:
It means you do everything
I tell you to do.
You didn't kill Damon Pope.
CLAY: What do you want?
LEE: Samcro.
If you wanna live, let the guard
know before the next shift.
GEMMA:
How's Bobby?
Got a feeling
he's gonna start in on Nomad.
GEMMA:
Nomad's folded.
JUICE:
All you need is four members
that don't have a home anymore.
I work with someone runs
girls out of the port,
looking to go legit.
JAX: We could help.
Been looking to move back.
So I need a partner. Come see
my house. It's very nice.
You'd be up for mixing girls,
yours and Diosa's?
COLETTE:
Variety is the key
to stimulation.
So, what do you want?
We need AK's and Glocks.
JAX:
Why don't you let me
sell them the hardware?
It's a mall of KG-9's
in the warehouse.
Hey, mijo.
[GUNFIRE AND PEOPLE SCREAMING]
[WHITE BUFFALO'S
"SET MY BODY FREE" PLAYING]
♪Gonna set my body free♪
♪Run down to the river
And drown♪
♪Gonna see
What it's like to get clean♪
♪Gonna set my soul free♪
[GEMMA MOANING]
♪Gonna burn it
Till the sin ain't real♪
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Shit.
Really?
[GRUNTS
THEN KNOCKING CONTINUES]
You expecting?
Not as long as you keep
that brown dog covered.
I'm too old
for a little ese.
You said your tubes were tied.
I said my tubes were tired.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
[KNOCKING CONTINUES]
All right.
[SIGHS]
[SCOFFS]
Well, it's not my gardener.
Must be for you.
Whoa, whoa.
ARCADIO: Gemma.
NERO: What the hell you doing?
Sorry, mano,
but we gotta talk.
[GEMMA SIGHS]
I'll make some coffee.
NERO: Okay.
That shit at the school
yesterday, Count of Aquino,
that was Matthew.
He was the one
shot everybody up.
Darvany's boy?
Who?
My old lady's kid.
Oh.
Jesus Christ.
It was my KG-9, mano.
[BOTH SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
Hey, English.
Cops are gonna be
all over her.
She told them
she ain't ever seen the gun.
Well, her kid just got killed.
They're not pressing her yet.
She's at home?
Yeah.
With Fiasco and Gomes.
The cops are watching the house.
Reporters?
ARCADIO:
No. They ain't released
the name yet.
I'm sorry, mano. I'm sorry.
Yeah, I know.
I know, man. I know.
Come on. Come on.
Be right back.
[SECURITY DOOR BUZZES]
So you blame Samcro
for the death of your sister.
I get it, it's personal.
But, uh, I mean,
what's the endgame here?
You gonna run down
every reaper on a Harley?
You know why
I was such a good lawman?
I never gave
a shit about justice.
It was always
about retribution for me.
Hurting people
who hurt people.
That's always my endgame.
Otto Delaney
put the final nail in RICO
when he killed my sister.
So I need another angle
into the MC.
The former president
turning state's evidence
feels like a good way
to create some damage.
Sign this agreement
to cooperate
and I promise you a legal team
to fight this bullshit murder.
Immunity
for your MC missteps.
And WitSec
anywhere in the world.
I wanna see my wife.
And I wanna see my son.
Why?
Because I wanna hurt
people too.
This is the only thing that's
gonna buy you another night
in your private suite here.
I wasn't bluffing.
I've used up all my favors.
Then you better get on it.
Because I ain't signing shit
till I see both of them.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[SECURITY DOOR BUZZES]
[SIGHS]
Is he okay?
I don't know.
I love him, but that dude...
That dude,
he's always been the guy
getting pulled out of the fire.
I'm sorry about all that.
No, baby. It's fine.
[SIGHS]
You gotta get his old lady
out of there.
Once the shock wears off,
she's gonna want
someone to pay.
Yeah, she will.
Club can help.
Appreciate that.
I gotta go to Jax's.
Wifey comes home today.
I'll meet you over there?
Yeah. Yeah.
Should I ask about the hand?
I can't go to jail.
I am going to do everything
I can to help you, Tara.
And what about Toric?
He's lashing out.
Trying to hurt you and the club.
But he's got no jurisdiction.
No badge.
I asked him to wait for my call.
Want me to tell him
you're not ready?
No.
I wrote down everything
I can remember.
It's in the pads.
Okay.
Did you start
the other paperwork?
Yes.
I'll call you soon.
Thank you.
Mm-hm.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
[BABY BABBLES]
Mommy!
Oh, my God.
I missed you so much.
Hi.
It's so good to see you. Aw.
Mommy needs to say hi
to Thomas now.
Come here, you.
There we go.
Oh.
Oh. Ha, ha.
I missed you
guys so much.
[TARA SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
THEN ABEL GIGGLES]
[SIGHS]
Something went down
with Nero's crew.
He's coming by.
Now?
Yeah. Sorry.
What happened?
It's about that school
shooting yesterday.
FRANK:
You were right. KG-9,
street converted.
Full auto. No marks.
LEE:
Final count?
FRANK:
Four dead,
three of them were kids.
Nine injured, two critical.
Security guard put two rounds
in the shooter
as he was switching clips.
Shooter was 11.
God bless America.
How'd you know about the gun?
Fits a familiar profile.
Where's the DA?
She'd be the plus-size
in the Oprah wig
getting reamed
by the archdiocese.
I wouldn't use "reamed"
around the priests.
Ha, ha. Copy that.
I appreciate the contact.
Hey, do me a favor,
when you burn this bridge down,
make sure I'm not on it.
TARA:
Such a big boy drawing.
Daddy needs to talk to Mommy
for a minute.
Okay. I'll be right back.
I missed you.
I missed you too.
So do we finish that
last conversation we started?
Is that really
what you want?
Well, I guess I won't be
going to Oregon any time soon.
I understand why you wanted me
to sign those papers.
Did you sign them?
No.
RICO's dead, Clay's gone.
I'm gonna start moving the club
in the right direction.
I'm meeting with the
Irish today, cutting ties.
No more guns.
We're gonna start
earning legit.
What does that look like?
We're gonna grow Diosa.
It's trashy money,
but it ain't dirty.
Or bloody.
I can take care of us, Tara.
No one gets hurt anymore.
We don't need
papers or guardians
to protect our family.
I know staying here
isn't what we both wanted.
I don't know
if I can explain this
but after Ope,
I just feel like
if I step away now,
none of that makes sense.
Like what he did
was for nothing.
Well, I guess
it doesn't matter.
My trial's in six weeks.
I could be back inside.
Any jury is gonna understand
you had nothing
to do with that murder.
You're not going anywhere.
ABEL:
Look what I got, Mama.
Oh, my God. Look at that.
GEMMA:
He couldn't wait.
[ABEL GIGGLES]
TARA:
Wow.
Welcome home.
Thanks.
Come on.
Show me where he lives.
[ABEL GIGGLES]
Nero's here.
[MOUTHS]
Yeah.
Sorry to barge in
on your homecoming here.
What happened?
That boy that killed those kids
in the school yesterday,
he belonged
to my cousin's old lady.
He used a KG-9.
Ours?
Yeah.
What did she tell the cops?
She didn't give it up. Not yet.
But she ain't all there
to begin with, man.
We gotta get her lost.
Gemma said
you might be able to help.
Maybe you can get her
to one of your other charters.
Where is she now?
At her place.
Arcadio's there with her.
The Stockton P.D.,
they're staying close though.
All right, we got a cabin
out by Pine Grove.
Let's figure out
how to get her there
and then
I'll make some calls.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
I appreciate that, man.
I'll let them know.
Hey. Don't call her house,
they probably got it tapped.
And we gotta
stay off the cells.
The feds,
they could be on us already.
Yeah.
I know this is bad timing,
man.
GEMMA:
Hey, it's for you.
You gotta take this.
Who is it?
GEMMA: County jail.
They wanna set visitation.
Clay, requesting to visit
both of us.
BOBBY: Thanks for meeting, Hop.
Yeah, of course.
I gotta say, I was intrigued.
I'm glad.
I hear things are getting tense
in Vegas.
Tense ain't the word,
brother.
Since they flipped Junior,
shit's all sideways.
Charter's hemorrhaging, man.
Let's talk.
[CHARLIE BRECTHEL BAND'S
"RIDE WITH THE WIND"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
♪ But you can't win
If you don't sacrifice ♪
You okay with this?
Yeah. I'm gonna hang
with the boys.
Stay in. I'm exhausted.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
I love you.
Me too.
I like the hair.
Thanks.
All the cholas
are wearing it like this.
I can hook you up if you want.
Heh. No, I'm good.
I'm not the one
who turned you in.
I know.
I found these
in his toy chest.
I didn't do that either.
But what did you expect?
Wendy as guardian, you talking
about taking his boys to Oregon.
Thank you
for taking care of them.
You're welcome.
You okay, Mom?
Yeah. Little tired.
Happy to be home.
[CHATTERING AND SHOUTING]
WOMAN:
How the hell did this happen?
We looked at the mother.
"Darvany Jennings."
Substance issues.
Two years, possession, battery.
Affiliates?
Byz-Lats.
She was arrested
with two of their members.
Right now,
she's not remembering anything.
We'll push harder
after the shock fades.
It's faded.
I've got a room full of priests,
teachers and parents,
terrified and pissed off.
They're gonna wanna know
how an 11-year-old
got a hold of an
illegal automatic weapon.
If we could tie that disaster
to a Mexican street gang,
this would be a lot neater.
Hanging a gang face on this
might give quick comfort
but that's a very bloody
Band-Aid.
Who are you?
Lee Toric.
U.S. Marshal, retired.
Lee's a friend
of the bureau.
He had some
insight on the weapon.
MAN:
What kind of insight?
The Sons of Anarchy Club
imports, modifies
and sells illegal weapons,
to almost every gang
in and around the East Bay.
I know they have
a business relationship
with your Stockton crew,
the Byz-Lats.
One of the guns they
put on the street, the KG-9,
same gun
Matthew Jennings used.
The MC is
out of my jurisdiction.
But it's not out of yours,
ma'am.
You have an atrocity
on your hands.
The tragedy
of dead children.
Your broken county, the state,
the whole country is watching.
Do the right thing.
Don't close the book
on your murder,
stop hundreds more
from happening.
And I can help you do that.
This is my cell.
I'm staying
at the Pirsig Motel on Alpine.
I look forward
to hearing from you.
What happened there?
Brotherly love.
Where are they?
Kid's room.
What's going on, homes?
[SPANISH HIP-HOP MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Cops see you come in?
Yeah. Darvany let us in.
They didn't
ask any questions.
NERO:
We gotta get her out of here.
Psst. Crank up the music.
Keep an eye on the back.
Watch the cops.
[MUSIC BLARING OVER SPEAKERS]
Darvany.
Hey. Wake up.
Come on, sweetheart, wake up.
Come on, sweetheart.
Hey. Let's go.
What the hell are you doing?
NERO: Keep it down, okay?
We gotta get you out of here,
okay? We gotta go. Come on.
No. Arcadio!
[DARVANY SCREAMING]
ARCADIO: Hey.
JAX: Hey.
ARCADIO: Baby!
Cops. The cops.
NERO:
It's okay. Stop. Stop.
They're not gonna hurt her.
Hear me.
NERO: Hey. Hey.
Stop. Stop.
NERO:
Make sure she's okay.
Cops didn't hear shit.
Look, we gotta get you
and your old lady out of town.
Hey, the cops are gonna
crush her on that gun.
She ain't a problem, man.
NERO: It's okay.
All right.
JUICE: Jax.
That's a problem.
Oh, man.
She was clean for nine months.
Sorry.
Only one thing more dangerous
than a rat, that's a junkie rat.
NERO:
I hear that.
My guys head out front,
keep the P.D. distracted
and we'll move her out back.
You're the first stop
when they realize she's gone.
NERO:
Yep. I know that.
JAX:
All right. Stay with them.
We'll meet you at the cabin
after the Irish.
HAPPY:
Got it.
Hey, baby. It's okay.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Thank you for coming.
Jax had club business.
He's on the road.
What do you want?
I know why you did it.
You know,
when it was all going down,
you, Juice, the gun,
I saw it. I got it.
It was like watching the other
shoe drop in slow motion.
I was never easy to be with,
Gem.
You and me, we embraced
some serious shit from day one.
But you were always
an amazing old lady.
Always kept me on task.
You always kept me strong.
These last six months,
the shit I did...
You wanna know why I lied to you
about all of it?
Because I knew
you'd set me straight.
And I didn't wanna be
straight.
That would have been
too hard.
So I convinced myself
that everything
I was doing was for us.
Which was bullshit.
It was just for me.
Why am I here, Clay?
I just want you to know
that whatever goes down,
none of this lands on you.
What, you think I feel bad?
That I'm sorry for what I did?
For telling the truth?
I never loved anybody
the way I love you, Gem.
And I know you
feel the same.
You don't know shit about
what I feel.
Well,
I just wanted you to know
you did the right thing.
Well, thank you.
I'll go home
and untie the noose.
Let me out of here.
I love you, Gem.
Let me out of here!
Love alters not
With his brief hours and weeks
GEMMA:
Open the goddamn door!
But bears it out even
To the edge of doom
[SECURITY DOOR BUZZES]
[SOBBING]
You stupid bitch.
Don't let him. You...
Don't let him do that.
That must've been
really hard for you.
Still a lot of big feelings
there.
You're the coward
behind the glass?
Lee Toric. Pamela's brother.
The nurse Otto
stabbed in the throat.
Jesus Christ.
You're law.
You're the one
protecting him.
Right now, I'm just
a heartbroken family member,
like you.
You turn Clay?
Is that why he's puking up
all that sorrow?
I don't wanna
spoil the big surprise.
He really wants to tell Jax
in person.
You're a dick.
[CHUCKLES]
GALEN:
Jackson, this is Connor Malone.
He'll be handling things
for me stateside.
Jax. Good to meet you.
Likewise.
TIG: Tig.
CONNOR: Cheers.
CHIBS: Con.
Filip.
How are you?
CONNOR: Good, my boy.
CHIBS:
Good to see you.
Moving up to Scot
number two.
Maybe you're smarter
than you look.
I'm glad you stuck around
for a while.
I'm not.
I hate California.
But after I heard about Clay,
thought it best.
What happened with Pope?
That wasn't a club call.
Clay let his rage get the
best of him. Got sloppy.
I've known Clay
a very long time.
He's a lot of things.
Sloppy isn't one of them.
Maybe you can enlighten me.
Let's talk.
You got something
you need to say?
The last conversation I had
with Clay, he wanted two things.
Lay low in Belfast
because of internal heat,
and set himself up
as my U.S. distributer,
because he knew you had plans
to shed the gun business.
So you can see
why I'm a bit curious
about his sudden
incarceration.
Clay was right.
I've been
giving a lot of thought
to moving us out of guns.
It's a different climate,
different world than it was
10, 20 years ago.
We're under the microscope.
MC just barely
squeezed past a RICO crush.
Next time we're not gonna be
so lucky.
We always find ways
around the law.
It's not just about heat
from the cops.
Yesterday, some kid
blew away his classmates
with one of our KG-9s.
That shit grips the public,
whips everyone up.
Some politician
pledges vengeance and reform.
Six months from now, no one
remembers. Just ride it out.
Part of that reform usually
means finding a scapegoat.
And right now,
we're low-hanging fruit.
I got no choice, Galen.
I gotta move us out of guns.
I'd advise against that.
Yeah, I figured you would.
There's another charter,
San Bernardino.
They've always wanted a bigger
piece of guns for SoCal.
I can get Samdino to pick up
our whole inventory.
Nothing changes on your end.
Sambel runs protection.
You ship through Mendocino.
Same deal,
just a different territory.
Granted, I know how much
you'll miss working with me.
[CHUCKLES]
I'll take it back
to the Kings.
I think
they'll let you walk away
if they know you're doubling
their business.
It's not gonna get doubled.
Yes, it will.
We've worked too hard to build
this business in Northern Cali,
there's no way I'm gonna
let it default to the chinks.
I understand you wanna
wash your hands of it,
but if Clay does get locked up,
I want access to him.
I'll need him to reach out
to your customers,
make sure
they stay in my camp.
Club can't be
a part of that.
You distribute
on your own out here.
We can make that work.
Okay.
One more thing.
Just an inventory issue.
We've a surplus of KG-9s.
I'm gonna ship them
all out to you.
Did you hear what I just said?
I heard you.
But you know
how it works, son.
Fear stokes the imagination.
Everyone
wants the deadliest gun.
Double the price,
KG-9s will sell themselves.
Looks like we all have something
to gain from this tragedy.
I'll let you know
what the Kings decide.
Until then,
business as usual.
What was that all
that about?
Just learning how to bond.
[CAR STARTS]
Get the prospects to move
these guns to the warehouse.
You don't put anything out
until I say so.
Hang on, Jackie.
We got a lot of people
waiting for deliveries.
I don't give a shit
about people.
Feds are gonna put us on the
radar after this shooting.
I'm not putting any goddamn guns
on the street.
We just laid out
a load of cash.
Selling is club business.
We need to take this
to the table.
We're not gonna have a table,
Chibs,
if we don't play this shit
the right way.
We got it. We got it.
We got it.
Chibby, we'll work this out
at chapel.
Yeah.
Come on.
[SECURITY DOOR BUZZES]
You know my deal.
I need to track down Jax. This
gives me the time to do that.
If you wanna be alive to talk
to the guy you wanna hurt,
you need to sign.
I'm gonna rat out my own son,
give up my club.
I'm gonna look him in the eye
before I do that, tell him why.
Hey.
Hey. Thanks for coming by.
Of course. Saw the boys
downstairs. They look happy.
Yeah. They're good.
Your hand acting up again?
Doesn't matter.
I know Oregon
pulled their offer.
I'm so sorry. What can I do?
I need to ask you a favor.
I need some blood work done,
confidentially.
Are you okay?
I need a pregnancy test.
[BELL RINGING]
Hey.
Was that the last bell?
Yup. We're locking it down.
No more visitors, no more calls.
So this is all the stuff
from the office.
It documents my injury
and the dates.
Did you go through the pads?
Yes.
They are very, very thorough.
And terrifying.
You know,
some of that stuff, I...
I let it happen. I stayed.
Doesn't that implicate me?
This isn't about
criminality.
It's about
a culture of violence.
If you do need to
serve time,
we have to establish that Jax
and his association with club
is a danger to your boys.
He is not a viable guardian.
But the things you wrote down
won't indict you or him
of any crimes.
Okay.
We still have to
contend with Gemma.
Grandmothers pushing for custody
make a compelling case.
That's not gonna happen.
Here's a rough draft.
Look it over.
Are you certain about Wendy?
No.
But I am certain
about the alternative.
Okay, I will wait
until right before your trial
to file for the divorce,
but as far as
the motion for Wendy to be the
primary guardian for the boys,
we should
move on that right away.
You will want that in place if
something were to happen to you.
[PANTING]
Hey, how long
are we gonna be here, man?
I don't know.
I'm gonna try to get her up
north until this all dies down.
No.
I don't wanna go up north.
That's bullshit.
I gotta bury my baby--
Hey, hey, look.
Darvany, Darvany.
Look, I know how hard
this must be for you,
but we're doing this
for your own good.
We're doing this
to protect you.
[MOTORCYCLES APPROACHING]
[SIGHS]
They think I'm gonna
tell the cops about the gun.
They're gonna kill me.
No, no, no,
they're gonna help, baby.
I promise.
Shit.
You gotta keep me even.
I can't do this cold.
I know, I know, I know.
It's gonna be okay.
Mommy's sorry, baby.
Mommy's so sorry.
I'm so sorry, baby.
I'm so sorry.
JAX:
How's she doing?
NERO:
Even for now.
Gotta try to keep her that way.
I got my guys making a run.
Yeah, okay.
Gemma.
JAX:
Jesus Christ.
What are you doing here?
Hey, I gotta talk to you.
JAX:
What happened?
Well, I found out
who's protecting him.
That nurse that Otto killed,
it's her brother.
Oh, shit.
He's a Marshal.
It was crazy, Jax.
Clay's telling me
how he forgives me,
thinks
I did the right thing.
Doesn't sound like Clay.
No.
It sounds like a guy
who's bleeding guilt
because he made a deal.
You gotta go find out
what's going on.
[GUNSHOT]
Put them down!
Whoa!
Put it down now!
Hey.
Put the guns on the table.
Baby, don't do this.
Back up!
We gotta get out of here.
Put the gun down.
Darvy, put the gun down.
Please, baby, please.
Look, Arcadio, please,
you have to.
No! Drop it, Jax.
DARVANY:
Drop it!
NERO:
No, no, no.
Drop it!
Gemma!
Drop it now!
Move. Keys!
Ignition.
Baby, don't do this.
They're gonna kill us. Please.
Come with me.
Arcadio.
Shit. Slide over.
[GUNSHOT]
No!
No.
NERO:
Jax.
No, no, no, mano.
No, no, no.
We can't do that.
[DARVANY CRYING]
[LEE GROANING]
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
[DARVANY SOBBING]
You let me know
what you wanna do.
[SOBS]
Is she locked down tight?
Yeah, she's not going anywhere.
She's starting
to bend pretty bad.
You got it?
Chibs.
I got this.
You guys start cleaning Gemma's
car. Break down that rifle.
CHIBS:
Okay.
Juice. Get the kit.
Got your ball-peen?
Aye.
TYNE:
We can get one of those
later on.
Cooperation affidavit,
signed by the former president
of Sons of Anarchy, Clay Morrow.
His testimony lets me reopen
a RICO case against the MC.
I point the gun
dealing to San Joaquin,
hand you your villains.
We both know this is generic,
inadmissible bullshit.
You gotta move
slowly with these guys.
Get them to swallow
a piece at a time.
Turning rat
doesn't come easy.
I don't have time.
You wanna use this guy,
I'll have my office draft
an agreement of cooperation,
something with teeth.
Then maybe we can get a shot
at RICO.
I'll make that happen.
You want these guys dead,
don't you?
Yeah.
And you want
out of this bullshit county.
This win puts your résumé
on the map, coast to coast.
You, Mr. Toric, are a risk.
Your jacket reads
like a bad detective novel.
Volatile, recalcitrant.
And the highest arrest
record
in the history
of my field office.
Before we bring these
bikers down,
I need a public hanging
of this local crew.
Yes, a win here
will help my career,
but dead kids makes this case
as personal for me
as the murder of your sister
is for you.
Understood.
I'll get you
that agreement.
You'd better give
County a call.
If Clay Morrow loses his PC,
there won't be anyone alive
to sign it.
Relax, okay?
I got it, dude.
[DARVANY GROANS]
[DARVANY GASPS THEN GRUNTING]
She good?
Yeah.
[CARLA MORRISON'S "ME ENCANTA"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Welcome to Diosa Norte.
Do you have an appointment?
No. Is that okay?
Of course.
These are the girls here
tonight and our fees.
You have to spend time
with them here?
Most of our escorts do
out-service dates as well.
This is our goddess bar.
Feel free to mingle.
Drinks are complimentary.
Thank you.
Club soda.
I don't know, man.
Gave her half the 10-pack.
Look at the balloon.
There's still dope in it.
Where'd you get it?
Waterloo.
Casey's crew?
No. But I know the dude.
Look,
who knows what else she took.
She probably dropped something
before she went commando.
It's all right.
Arcadio betrayed me.
That had to happen.
But she has two other kids.
Living with their dad.
Her youngest is dead now,
mano.
Dead. Because of me and you.
Don't matter
what the risk is,
we don't hurt people
like that.
So I gotta know.
Her dead in that other room,
that was your call?
No.
Nero...
It had to be the drugs.
I'm sorry. I know how rough
this has been on you, brother.
But everything
I'm doing here is for you.
Can you handle this?
I gotta get home. See the wife.
We got this.
[SECURITY DOOR BUZZES]
Looks like you bought yourself
another good night's sleep.
[NOAH GUNDERSEN
& FOREST RANGERS'
"AS TEARS GO BY" PLAYING]
I'm so glad you're home,
babe.
Me too.
I'm sorry I was gone all day.
It's okay.
What's going on with Nero?
Nothing.
A little
Latino family crisis.
[SCOFFS]
How about you?
Anything happen here?
No. Quiet mom day.
♪ It is the evening
Of the day ♪
♪ I sit and watch
The children play ♪
Tell your boss
he has a nice place.
♪Smiling faces I can see♪
♪But not for me♪
♪ I sit and watch
As tears go by ♪
♪ My riches
Can't buy everything ♪
[NERO PRAYING IN SPANISH]
I'll see you
on the other side.
♪All I hear is the sound♪
HAPPY:
Okay. Okay.
♪I sit and watch
As tears go by♪
I'm here, baby.
♪Doin' things I used to do♪
[GASPING]
♪They think are new♪
♪I sit and watch
As tears go by♪
[♪♪♪]